Like many older ones before them,
younger brothers and sisters
are taking on challenging assignments
that bring them rich spiritual rewards.
We go next to India to hear
from Brother Francis Rodrigues.
He’s using his training
from the School for Kingdom Evangelizers
to teach people
in the Indian Sign Language field.
Brother Rodrigues searches for those
rightly disposed for everlasting life
wherever he can find them
despite the obstacles.
And you may have noted
that his joy comes from directing people
to the congregation to be part
of our true spiritual brotherhood.
That example is repeated millions
of times over through the diligent efforts
of publishers and pioneers
around the world.
Why not examine your ministry
to find ways to help
yet more people to build
a good relationship with Jehovah?